double roots: completely ignore them, both for conic-conic and conic-edge
intersections. We grant two exceptions: 
	- if a hyperbola has a degenerate point along an edge, then we treat 
	  that as an edge crossing for both sides of the hyperbola.
	- if we have a double root at a corner, then this is handled the same
	  as a corner intersection.

conic-conic intersection along an edge: We ignore these intersections and
instead treat it as though both of those conics intersect the edge, but not
each other. It turns out that we cannot actually keep both line intersections
always. Thus, we assume that the intersection occurs ~outside~ the triangle
and then use an algorithm that we developed in order to figure out which
line intersections will be kept and which will be removed based on the
directions of various things.

conic-corner intersection: we track these with separate intersection codes.
An intersection can be classified as occurring at an edge or at a corner.
In order to prevent this intersection from getting picked up by multiple
edges, we handle corner intersections involving the x-axis in edge 1 only,
and corner intersections involving the 2/3 corner in edge 3 only. Iif a 
hyperbola has a degenerate point at a corner, this is treated as a separate 
symbol. Thus, the case where a vertex is uniformly zero is actually handled.
For the eigenvector manifold, we also have a zero symbol to denote that 
yr=ys=0 at that corner.

conic-conic intersection at corner: We again ignore this intersection, but
track the fact that both conics intersect the same corner using the above
case.

two hyperbolas have the same degenerate point in the same place:
	- We mark where the particular intersection point occurs (along
	  whichever edge or corner). We order this point along with the
	  other points. From here, the rest of the topology is determined
	  by the same invariant as before.

we have uniform zeros at two corners:
	- The topology will be single-color determined by the class of the
	  third vertex, so no additional handling is needed.

One of the conics is just a single line:
	- If it is a single line where all of the quadratic terms are 0, then there is no problem.
	- If it is a single line where a quadratic term is not zero, this means that there is either
	  no shaded region, or the entire domain is the shaded region. In either case, we ignore the
	  conic completely.
		- We detect this case by checking if all intercepts are double roots, but the
		  discriminant is positive, and the quadratic terms do not vanish.

One of the conics is just a single point:
	- ignore it
	- We check this by evaluating if the conic is an ellipse, and if so, does the center
	  evaluate to 0
